---- To Do ----

(1) Writing out the internal program state to be later read in and
modified.  Need to maintain a 'data-set' name. when data is loaded,
name is undefined.  We get name fro reloading a data-set. Maybe we
need a different menu or we can tell from the file type loaded.

Header
        - file level comments
        - file version
        - date

Model state.
      - the model needs to be able to be written to a file and read back.


Draw names in left side panel. Panel contents must match larger drawing pane.
Use tree view to control hierarchy

Devise a way of hiding one or more event time lines. This could be a
checkbox, but then there would need to be a way of getting it back.
Currently have a filter button which hides empty events.

Allow loading multiple data sets into one viewer. Add menu item to
clear all events. Add menu item to *merge events* into current set.
This means that events can be merged into a restored data-set.

Add an overview window/thumbnail that shows the whole event space with
a gray outline of what is being viewed. For bonus points, allow view
rectangle to be dragged to change the view. this sould be drawn once
(to a bitmap) and a thin rectangle overlayed based on the scroller
values.

Add feature to plot event data values against time. Maybe a thin strip
at the bottom to show selected event values. Also possible to expand
space around event timeline or even plot over timeline. Plot events as
a line plot and/or discrete vertical bars. Scaling could be
challenging since the values are double.  This would imply that there
should be an option to plot one or more events in a big scalable pane.

Couple the event display grid with the timeline. Maybe highlight the
same row on both. Make grid track when event timeline is moved.

allow annotation for events to be edited in the table view.

Finish implementing editable timeline bounds.

How should contexts be displayed?
    - contexts apply to a thread
    - different color for events on that thread and within the context window

BUG - Zoom does not keep timeline centered when the scale is changed.

BUG - horizontal scrolling does not refresh screen correctly.



------------------------------------------------------------------------------
---- Done ----

BUG - event base line does not draw correctly when zoomed/h-scrolled

BUG - cursors can disappear when panel is scrolled.

BUG - events that extend beyond the window border are not drawn correctly.

Display statistics on a specific event. Num events, min, max, average,
std. Also would be nice to display a event lentgh histogram.

Clicking on event should display some stuff in right pane.
         - event name (based on y-coord)
         - event info (based on x-coord)
            - event start, stop time and duration
            - associated data


Enable re-ordering events. There are icons on toolbar to handle this,
but it is not implemented in the code. Add button to move event to
bottom of list, button for top of list.

Highlight even when clicked on. Make name bold and make a brighter
background (light yellow).

Implement filter controls. Start with filtering out empty events.

Allow right-click on events for drop down menu to allow
      - changing colour of occurrence
      - change colour of whole event
      - edit annotation for occurrence
      - edit annotation for whole event


In comment display window - add text "enter comment" in gray text if
there is currently no annotation.

Floating event info window - holds same data as scrolling pane
currently does.

Resources have a hardcoded path. Should be relative. Or use .rc file, or compile in.

Add save/save as... menu items

Allow annotation of data set. This is a big feature.
    - Establish a separate data file (and internal structures) to hold
      user modifications and display state.
    - Allow user colouring of individual events.
    - Allow user to add annotations to events. Mark event as having annotation.

Add feature where the whole data set can have an annotation. Could
be a menu item, tool bar icon, or other.



-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
